In this lecture, let's briefly talk about errors.
Undoubtedly you're going to run into errors.
There are hundreds of possible errors in the PHP world.
The best way to tackle errors is to read the message for the most part.
PHP does a decent job of providing basic error info.
Let's look at an example.
In our PHP file we have a constant as a stated before.
Constants can never be updated.
Despite that statement, let's try changing the constants.
After defining the name, constants create a second constant with the same name.
The value should be different.
Next, let's refresh the browser.
As expected, an error has been produced.
Let's read it together.
Warning constant name already defined in test PHP.
In my opinion this is pretty helpful info.
Every word helps us understand the issue with our code.
Let's dissect the anatomy of an error.
First things first.
PHP will tell us the type of error in this example.
PHP says the error is a warning.
Warnings do not stop the script from running.
If there's a problem, PHP will tell you about it, but we'll continue to run the rest of the scripts
for this reason.
The name gets outputted after the error.
Afterward, we are provided a description of the error.
According to the description, our consent has already been defined.
The description is pretty cut and clear.
We are attempting to define a constant that's been defined before.
The last piece of the error message is the file name and line number of the error.
This points us directly to where the error can be found.
Let's try removing this line from our file.
Lastly, refresh the page.
The air has gone away.
Perfect.
We've successfully debugged our scripts.
It won't always be this simple, but PHP does try to help you whenever it can.
You should always carefully read the error to understand why your script is not working.
In the next lecture, let's discuss one more feature before moving to WordPress.